Merge v4.2.2 changes into develop (#2016)
alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven: docs/source/deployment/deploy_sre.md

azure:
  subscription_id: # ID of the Azure subscription that the TRE will be deployed to
  tenant_id: # Home tenant for the Azure account used to deploy infrastructure: `az account show`
description: # A free-text description of your SRE deployment
dockerhub:

>   access_token: # The password or personal access token for the above account. We strongly recommend using a Personal Access Token with permissions set to Public Repo Read-only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  access_token: # The password or personal access token for your Docker Hub account. We strongly recommend using a Personal Access Token with permissions set to Public Repo Read-only
```

"above account" reads oddly given this field is before `username`, which says "your Docker Hub account" - maybe put "your Docker Hub account" here and "the above account" after `username`
